Add API links as tips (#1161)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/java.adoc

:page-toclevels: 3 
[[java-client]]

> TIP: For latest Java API documentation, see https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/{page-latest-supported-java-client}/javadoc[Hazelcast Java Client docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: For the latest Java API documentation, refer to the https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/{page-latest-supported-java-client}/javadoc[Hazelcast Java Client, window=_blank] documentation.
```
